How to kneel carefully
It's me, you can't believe it's me in the legend
The Great Wall has surveillance here
You dare not kill me
This battle will be decided sooner or later
Kill you
It's too cheap to kill you.
I will make your life worse than death
Live in pain all your life
Zhang Sheng, I warn you
I am a handsome person
Although you hugged a rich woman
But you're just a bullying dog
Hmph, you don't dare to do anything to me anyway
As long as I'm alive
I will slowly calculate this account with you.
As for the Song family
You can protect it for a while, but not for a lifetime
Sooner or later I'll let him lie under his crotch and beg for mercy
Zhao Zipeng, you are shameless
Zhao Zipeng
Hear you say that
Then I have no scruples about what to do next
What can you do?
I will make your life worse than death
You two go and kill him
What are you doing?
beckon
Make them stop waving